README.md, before:

# Mini Bot (Work-In-Progress)  
Discord bot for my friend's server.  
Made with [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/).  

**Update April 21, 2019**
- Refactored code. Connect 4 now supports multiple games and servers. Will re-add previous commands from [v1.0.0](https://github.com/MiniDomo/Mini-Bot/tree/1.0.0) in the future.  

**Update April 22, 2019** 
- See [config.js.example](https://github.com/MiniDomo/Mini-Bot/blob/master/config.js.example) to understand how `config.js` should be structured.  

**Update May 4, 2019** 
- Audio commands added: `play`, `queue`, `repeat`, `skip`, and `stop`
  - Uses [ytdl-core](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ytdl-core) and [opusscript](https://www.npmjs.com/package/opusscript).
  - Audio commands require [FFmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/) to be installed on host's computer.
- `config.js.example`
  - Renamed `music` server to `audio`.
  - Replaced `[]` parameters with `<>`.
  - Added support for audio commands.

**Update May 5, 2019**
- New `search` command
  - Usage: `!!search <video title>`
  - Use it to search for YouTube videos
  - Uses [axios](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios) and [cheerio](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cheerio).
- `config.js.example`
  - Added `search` command

**Update May 12, 2019**
- Modified `search` command
  - Primary method uses [youtube-search](https://www.npmjs.com/package/youtube-search), which requires a [Youtube v3 API key](https://console.developers.google.com/apis/credentials). This is much faster than the previous method, which is now the secondary method. If a key is not provided, then it will utilize the secondary method.
- `config.js.example`
  - Added an `api_keys` object to the config which can be used to store API keys such as a Youtube v3 API key.

**Update May 15, 2019**
- Added Tic Tac Toe game
  - `!!ttt help` for a list of commands
  - The code functions similar to Connect 4
- `config.js.example`
  - Added `ttt` command
- `connect4.js`
  - Fixed issue where the bot would crash when a game would end due to using an undefined variable

**Update May 17, 2019**
- Added `remove` command
  - Usage: `!!remove <audio number>` (0 for the current audio)
  - Removes the specified audio from the queue
- `connect4.js`
  - Fixed issue where the game would be removed from the server after the first move
  - Refactored in `getGame(msg)` method
- `tictactoe.js`
  - Refactored some variables
- `ttt.js` changed to `t.js`
  - Refacted 
- `config.js.example`
  - Added `remove` command
  - Adjusted change from `ttt` to `t`

**Update May 22, 2019**
- Chat logs are now also recorded in `.log` files
  - Added the folder, `chatlogs`
  - Now support logging edited messages
- `index.js`
  - Added event for edited messages
  - Created a `WriteStream`
- `main.js`
  - Added support for the `WriteStream` and edited messages
- `.gitignore`
  - Ignored `.log` files in the folder, `chatlogs`.

**Update  May 28, 2019**
- Added `rps` (RNG Rock Paper Scissors) game
  - Usage: `!!rps <user1> <user2>`
- Added `util` folder
  - Created to group common methods that I've used in multiple files
- `games` and `commands` refactored code for the creation of `util` and made assigned variables at the top of files to `const`
- Updated `config.js.example`
  - Removed unnecessary `restrictable` properties in `commands`
  - Added `rps`

Commit message:

`play` can receive video titles, fixed issue with tictactoe.js
- `play` can now receive and play audio given a video title
  - `play.js` passes a callback function to `search.js`
- Fixed issue with `tictactoe.js` where uppercase letters would be passed in `canPlace()` but not in `place()`

README.md, after:

# Mini Bot (Work-In-Progress)  
Discord bot for my friend's server.  
Made with [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/).  

**Update April 21, 2019**
- Refactored code. Connect 4 now supports multiple games and servers. Will re-add previous commands from [v1.0.0](https://github.com/MiniDomo/Mini-Bot/tree/1.0.0) in the future.  

**Update April 22, 2019** 
- See [config.js.example](https://github.com/MiniDomo/Mini-Bot/blob/master/config.js.example) to understand how `config.js` should be structured.  

**Update May 4, 2019** 
- Audio commands added: `play`, `queue`, `repeat`, `skip`, and `stop`
  - Uses [ytdl-core](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ytdl-core) and [opusscript](https://www.npmjs.com/package/opusscript).
  - Audio commands require [FFmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/) to be installed on host's computer.
- `config.js.example`
  - Renamed `music` server to `audio`.
  - Replaced `[]` parameters with `<>`.
  - Added support for audio commands.

**Update May 5, 2019**
- New `search` command
  - Usage: `!!search <video title>`
  - Use it to search for YouTube videos
  - Uses [axios](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios) and [cheerio](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cheerio).
- `config.js.example`
  - Added `search` command

**Update May 12, 2019**
- Modified `search` command
  - Primary method uses [youtube-search](https://www.npmjs.com/package/youtube-search), which requires a [Youtube v3 API key](https://console.developers.google.com/apis/credentials). This is much faster than the previous method, which is now the secondary method. If a key is not provided, then it will utilize the secondary method.
- `config.js.example`
  - Added an `api_keys` object to the config which can be used to store API keys such as a Youtube v3 API key.

**Update May 15, 2019**
- Added Tic Tac Toe game
  - `!!ttt help` for a list of commands
  - The code functions similar to Connect 4
- `config.js.example`
  - Added `ttt` command
- `connect4.js`
  - Fixed issue where the bot would crash when a game would end due to using an undefined variable

**Update May 17, 2019**
- Added `remove` command
  - Usage: `!!remove <audio number>` (0 for the current audio)
  - Removes the specified audio from the queue
- `connect4.js`
  - Fixed issue where the game would be removed from the server after the first move
  - Refactored in `getGame(msg)` method
- `tictactoe.js`
  - Refactored some variables
- `ttt.js` changed to `t.js`
  - Refacted 
- `config.js.example`
  - Added `remove` command
  - Adjusted change from `ttt` to `t`

**Update May 22, 2019**
- Chat logs are now also recorded in `.log` files
  - Added the folder, `chatlogs`
  - Now support logging edited messages
- `index.js`
  - Added event for edited messages
  - Created a `WriteStream`
- `main.js`
  - Added support for the `WriteStream` and edited messages
- `.gitignore`
  - Ignored `.log` files in the folder, `chatlogs`.

**Update May 28, 2019**
- Added `rps` (RNG Rock Paper Scissors) game
  - Usage: `!!rps <user1> <user2>`
- Added `util` folder
  - Created to group common methods that I've used in multiple files
- `games` and `commands` refactored code for the creation of `util` and made assigned variables at the top of files to `const`
- Updated `config.js.example`
  - Removed unnecessary `restrictable` properties in `commands`
  - Added `rps`

**Update May 29, 2019**
- `play` can now receive and play audio given a video title
  - `play.js` passes a callback function to `search.js`
- Fixed issue with `tictactoe.js` where uppercase letters would be passed in `canPlace()` but not in `place()`
